docs/AI declaration/detailed AI use.md, before:

**Deepseek:** 
README.me (main readme)
    - AI suggested some structure and to include certain sections in the main readme file. 
    - Including Project setup, Project structure, and expected irregularities was suggested by AI.
    - 'Project setup' was mainly generated by AI and only lightly reworked.
main.ipynb
    - minor changes to sys.path.insert were suggested by AI, to improve the import from the file structure.
    - AI generated a block of code to supply temporary weather data when the API was down.
    - AI suggested including a 'strategy' variable, to enable easy shifts between different ways of handling missing data.
    - AI generated a codeblock for EDA of the main sections for importing and the initially handling data. In order to give us, as programmers, an understanding of what the dataframes look like.
    - The saving data to file section was written with assistance from AI. Speifically, writing the correct location for the file to be saved to.
data_import.py
    - AI was used to suggest more specific error messages for the import functions, namely invalid arguments, connection error, timeout error, HTTP error, File not found, and parsing error.
    - The block of repetative if - error statements at the beginning of the get_met function was generated by AI, and edited down a bit. 
    - AI was used to correct the implementation of variables in the get_met function, as it was throwing up a TypeError.
    - A block (line 167-168) was generated by AI to replace all commas with periods, for the next block of code to run as expected.
    - The following block was reformatted by AI to fit changes made in other parts of the code
    - AI suggested how to make the get_nilu function less hardcoded, by searching for columns that contain the string 'dekning' rather than naming each column individually.
    - When replacing values with too poor coverage, it was a suggestion from AI to check if the "column to the left" exists.
data_handling.py
    - AI suggested adding the arguments 'strategy' and 'fill_value' to the missing_data function. 
    - AI suggested and generated a block of code (42-47) for taking strategy into account when dealing with missing values.
    - The use of df.isna() was suggested by AI to check for missing values.
    - The method for finding the coverage columns was copied from data_import.py and used in the same way.
    - AI generated the following construct on row 81: df.index[df[col] == 0].tolist()
    - The correct formatting of this construct was assisted by AI: zero_locations.append({'index': index, 'column': col})
utils.py
    - The creation of this file, to contain the display table function, was suggested by AI.
    - Improvements to the function pretty_data was assisted by AI, to make displayed tables scrollable.
test_get_met.py
    - minor changes to sys.path.insert were suggested by AI, to improve the import from the file structure.
    - Using patch and Mock from unittest.mock was suggested by AI.
    - Creating a mock API response that functions as expected was assisted by AI, which was used at multiple points in the code.
    - Testing the handling of invalid inputs was suggested by AI.
test_get_nilu.py
    - minor changes to sys.path.insert were suggested by AI, to improve the import from the file structure.
    - Creating a mock CSV file that functions as expected was assisted by AI.
    - Including an assertion for the function of removing poor quality data was suggested by AI.
    - AI generated this construct: os.remove('test_nilu.csv')
    - Testing for file not found handling was suggested by AI.
    - AI generated the line: f.write("Tid;Dekning\n01.10.2023 00:00;100\ninvalid_line")
General/no file
    - AI was semi-regularly used for more accurately interpreting error codes and to pinpoint what problems needed to be solved, as well as suggesting different ways of handling errors and how to improve error handling in general.
    - AI was used to proofread several sections of code, and to give general feedback. If the feedback was used it has been noted here and in the code. 
    - The header style used in all code files was suggested by AI. 
    - AI suggested various formats for AI disclosure within the code.



**ChatGPT:** 
# This information is currently missing and will be added asap by going through chat history

Commit message:

Update detailed AI use.md
Added inputs on the use of AI from ChatGPT in the "detailed use of AI file"

docs/AI declaration/detailed AI use.md, after:

**Deepseek:** 
README.me (main readme)
    - AI suggested some structure and to include certain sections in the main readme file. 
    - Including Project setup, Project structure, and expected irregularities was suggested by AI.
    - 'Project setup' was mainly generated by AI and only lightly reworked.
main.ipynb
    - minor changes to sys.path.insert were suggested by AI, to improve the import from the file structure.
    - AI generated a block of code to supply temporary weather data when the API was down.
    - AI suggested including a 'strategy' variable, to enable easy shifts between different ways of handling missing data.
    - AI generated a codeblock for EDA of the main sections for importing and the initially handling data. In order to give us, as programmers, an understanding of what the dataframes look like.
    - The saving data to file section was written with assistance from AI. Speifically, writing the correct location for the file to be saved to.
data_import.py
    - AI was used to suggest more specific error messages for the import functions, namely invalid arguments, connection error, timeout error, HTTP error, File not found, and parsing error.
    - The block of repetative if - error statements at the beginning of the get_met function was generated by AI, and edited down a bit. 
    - AI was used to correct the implementation of variables in the get_met function, as it was throwing up a TypeError.
    - A block (line 167-168) was generated by AI to replace all commas with periods, for the next block of code to run as expected.
    - The following block was reformatted by AI to fit changes made in other parts of the code
    - AI suggested how to make the get_nilu function less hardcoded, by searching for columns that contain the string 'dekning' rather than naming each column individually.
    - When replacing values with too poor coverage, it was a suggestion from AI to check if the "column to the left" exists.
data_handling.py
    - AI suggested adding the arguments 'strategy' and 'fill_value' to the missing_data function. 
    - AI suggested and generated a block of code (42-47) for taking strategy into account when dealing with missing values.
    - The use of df.isna() was suggested by AI to check for missing values.
    - The method for finding the coverage columns was copied from data_import.py and used in the same way.
    - AI generated the following construct on row 81: df.index[df[col] == 0].tolist()
    - The correct formatting of this construct was assisted by AI: zero_locations.append({'index': index, 'column': col})
utils.py
    - The creation of this file, to contain the display table function, was suggested by AI.
    - Improvements to the function pretty_data was assisted by AI, to make displayed tables scrollable.
test_get_met.py
    - minor changes to sys.path.insert were suggested by AI, to improve the import from the file structure.
    - Using patch and Mock from unittest.mock was suggested by AI.
    - Creating a mock API response that functions as expected was assisted by AI, which was used at multiple points in the code.
    - Testing the handling of invalid inputs was suggested by AI.
test_get_nilu.py
    - minor changes to sys.path.insert were suggested by AI, to improve the import from the file structure.
    - Creating a mock CSV file that functions as expected was assisted by AI.
    - Including an assertion for the function of removing poor quality data was suggested by AI.
    - AI generated this construct: os.remove('test_nilu.csv')
    - Testing for file not found handling was suggested by AI.
    - AI generated the line: f.write("Tid;Dekning\n01.10.2023 00:00;100\ninvalid_line")
General/no file
    - AI was semi-regularly used for more accurately interpreting error codes and to pinpoint what problems needed to be solved, as well as suggesting different ways of handling errors and how to improve error handling in general.
    - AI was used to proofread several sections of code, and to give general feedback. If the feedback was used it has been noted here and in the code. 
    - The header style used in all code files was suggested by AI. 
    - AI suggested various formats for AI disclosure within the code.



**ChatGPT:** 

README.me (main readme)

temp_analysis.py:
    - Use of AI was implemented to suggest ways of importing air quality data as file paths and storing these as data frames using the "with open(file_path, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as file:" codeline
    - AI was used to test and fix any error messages regaridng the boxplot diagrams, and suggesting ways of making graphs more visually pleasing 
    - AI suggested a way of using the average function on multiple pollutants by using 
    - Use of AI was implemented to add outlier values to the data frames 

analysis.py

    - AI suggested efficient ways of calculating weekly data, by taking into consideration of weeks with missing data, by using the df_week.dropna() and avg_value = df_clean.mean() code line, such that weekly averages were costumized for their available data values. 


# This information is currently missing and will be added asap by going through chat history
